feat: add C ndarray interface and refactor implementation for `stats/base/dnanmskmax` (#7197)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/stats/base/dnanmskmax/README.md

-   **offsetX**: starting index for `x`.
-   **offsetMask**: starting index for `mask`.

> While [`typed array`][mdn-typed-array] views mandate a view offset based on the underlying buffer, the offset parameter supports indexing semantics based on a starting index. For example, to calculate the maximum value for every other element in `x` starting from the second element

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While [`typed array`][mdn-typed-array] views mandate a view offset based on the underlying buffer, offset parameters support indexing semantics based on starting indices. For example, to calculate the maximum value for every other element in `x` starting from the second element
```

Updating the copy for this paragraph, as this API supports more than one offset parameter.
